Hello everyone and welcome to the decision trees and ran them Force project lecture in this lecture
video.
We're going to go ahead and go over the notebook with decision trees and in the forest projects.
Explain where we're going to be doing and how to approach it.
Let's go ahead and jump to the note.
All right so here we're at the tree methods project notebook.
A quick note that it's called the tree methods project notebook.
It's not called decision trees and we're in the force the called Tree methods projects.
Just keep that in mind when you're looking for the project Notebook.
We're going to be using a data set that's included in the SLR library.
It's called the college dataset are college data frame the data frame consists about of 777 observations
of universities or colleges with a bunch of different features and variables and we're all going to
be trying to predict is based off of all their features and variables.
Can we correctly predict if the university or college is private or public.
You'll go ahead and get the data.
Look at it and then do some exploratory data analysis such as scatter plots you'll do a histogram.
Another histogram and then you'll also answer some questions based off of that exploratory data analysis
then you'll use the CA tools library to do a train test split on the data.
You'll start off by making a decision tree model.
And then once you've done that and explore it a little bit you're going to plot out the decision tree
and then you'll move on to the random force model and then you'll do some predictions based off of the
random forest model.
All right.
Hopefully you have fun with this project go ahead and explore that data and create those tree method
models.
Thanks everyone and I will see you at the next lecture